*SimpleSnippets-snippets.txt*
*SimpleSnippets-snippets* *external-snippets*

Snippet Files for SimpleSnippets-snippets.vim~


==============================================================================
CONTENTS                                               *SimpleSnippets-contents*

 1. Description ......................... |SimpleSnippets-snippets-description|
    1.1 Requirements ................... |SimpleSnippets-snippets-requirements|
    1.2 Acknowledgments ............. |SimpleSnippets-snippets-acknowledgments|
 2. Installation and Updating ........ |SimpleSnippets-snippets-installnupdate|
 3. Syntax ................................... |SimpleSnippets-snippets-syntax|
    3.1 Adding FileType ............. |SimpleSnippets-snippets-adding-filetype|
    3.2 Creating Snippets ......... |SimpleSnippets-snippets-creating-snippets|
    3.3 Snippets Descriptions .......... |SimpleSnippets-snippets-descriptions|
 4. Contributing ....................... |SimpleSnippets-snippets-contributing|


==============================================================================
1. Description                             *SimpleSnippets-snippets-description*

SimpleSnippets-snippets provides various predefined snippet files for  various
languages.


1.1 Requirements                          *SimpleSnippets-snippets-requirements*
----------------

This plugin can be used  only  with  SimpleSnippets.vim.   Snippet  files  are
incompatible with other snippet managers because of implementation.  Therefore
snippets for some languages may not be presented here, and if someone can help
me with porting snippets from other snippet collections,  your  help  is  much
appreciated.


1.3 Acknowledgments                    *SimpleSnippets-snippets-acknowledgments*
-------------------

SimpleSnippets-snippets   currently   contains   ports   of   snippets    from
honza/vim-snippets.  This is a huge  collection  of  snippets  made  by  large
community.  Because of snippet syntax differences SimpleSnippets.vim can't use
these snippets, therefore they can be ported accordingly to SimpleSnippets.vim
documentation.


==============================================================================
2. Installation and Updating            *SimpleSnippets-snippets-installnupdate*

Recommended way to install SimpleSnippets-snippets is to use  plugin  manager,
such as Vundle, Pathogen, dein.nvim or  others.   You  can  still  install  it
manually by cloning master branch from GitHub.


==============================================================================
3. Syntax                                       *SimpleSnippets-snippets-syntax*

This section will describe how to create snippets for  SimpleSnippets-snippets
plugin.   For  snippet  syntax  itself  please  refer  to   SimpleSnippets.vim
documentation.


3.1 Creating snippet filetype          *SimpleSnippets-snippets-adding-filetype*
-----------------------------

Snippets are located at folder `snippets` in your plugin installation directory.
Snippet  files  are  stored  per  filetype,  inside  separate  folders   named
accordingly to those filetypes.  You can add your filetype to this plugin,  if
vim supports it, or has  plugin  for  this  filetype.   Please  name  filetype
accordingly to how Vim  displays  it.   You  can  check  current  filetype  by
executing:

  `:echo &ft`

If some filetypes are logically similar, like `tex` and `latex`, and  snippets
can be used across them without any change, consider adding them  all  to  the
same  folder,  and  add  this  to  plugin  similar   filetypes   variable   at
`./plugin/SimpleSnippets-snippets.vim`:

  `let g:SimpleSnippets_snippets_similar_filetypes = [`
  `    \ ['tex', 'plaintex'],`
  `    \ ['bash', 'zsh', 'sh'],`
      `\ ['your', 'filetypes', 'here'],`
  `\ ]`


3.2 Creating snippets                *SimpleSnippets-snippets-creating-snippets*
---------------------

Snippets are stored inside filetype directory. Snippet file name is it's
trigger, so filename should be short and don't overlap. For more info on how
to write snippet files, please check SimpleSnippets.vim documentation.


3.3 Description file                      *SimpleSnippets-snippets-descriptions*
--------------------

Snippets can contain description file, which is plain text file, that contains
all triggers, and short description about what this trigger does. For example:

  `snippets/c/c.snippets.descriptions.txt`

  `for: for(;;) {...}`
  `main: main function definition`
  `if: if(...) {...}`

This file is used by `SimpleSnippets#listSnippets()` function. But this file is
optional, because if this file is not exists, this function will use system `ls`
command output instead, and generates descriptions  based  on  first  line  of
snippet's body.  This may be used as default behaviour, however may not always
be best option.  If some trigger wasn't found in description file, description
is generated for it too.


==============================================================================
4. Contributing                           *SimpleSnippets-snippets-contributing*

SimpleSnippets-snippets aims to become at least as  big  as  vim-snippets,  or
bigger.  This plugin is hard  to  develop  alone  because  I  don't  know  all
languages, and can't make meaningful snippets for them by myself.   If  you're
want to help, you can clone this plugin GitHub repo, add desired snippets,  or
fix existing ones, and file a Pull Request. I'll test all snippets, and accept
it.

If you found a bug in snippet definition please consider opening an issue at:
https://github.com/andreyorst/SimpleSnippets-snippets/issues


==============================================================================
 vim:tw=78:ts=8:ft=help:norl:nornu:nonu:scl=no

